# Final-Project
## My final project for Drawing on the Web

### Update 5/5/2020
My portfolio website has come to an end for the purposes of this class, but I will continue working on it for practical use.
[Final Project](http://i6.cims.nyu.edu/~elm476/drawing/finalproject/home.html)
#### The folder structure that I initially committed to for GitHub purposes started to inhibit me as my pages grew more complex, so I moved things around, but then GitHub lost track of it, so when I finally went to commit my changes, the original repo and version control disappeared. If it counts for anything, here is my process:
- I began with the film page - a full browser, hidden overflow page containing a horizontally-oversized container of panels and static still images, not visually appealing. Then, I figured I could extend each panel vertically, fill it with more content, and allow y-scrolling so that the info doesn't hit you all at once. I used javascript event listeners to kind of provoke each panel and reveal information dynamically. Then, I discovered a jquery plugin called draggable which solved a cross-compatibility problem for computers that don't allow vertical touchpad scrolling. Then, I styled the page with a color and type scheme.
- Then, I created the web project page, using the same color/type scheme from the previous page and just slightly inverting the layout. I created little post-it divs with previews of each project I wanted to showcase. When clicked, they should load (using either AJAX or iFrame src reattribution) the project into a full-browser frame and scroll it into view. This was tough because I didn't want to host all of the code in my little folder, so it was at this point that I fatally reorganized everything. Also, it was at this point I discovered that AJAX doesn't load scripts and images in with the HTML, so that was a bummer! After I patched these problems, I styled the page.
- Separately from my portfolio website, I was also playing around with a webpage music video for the song Hooked on a Feeling. Using SVGs of the lyrics and manipulating their movement with CSS and Javascript, I created the first couple of verses. Then, using Jquery function-binding, I tracked the end of the transformation of the last lyric of the second verse, and then prompted the chorus, the David Hasselhoff gif that started it all. I had a lot of fun with this project so I decided to link to it from my portfolio page.
- Finally, I created the home page, which serves as a fourth drawing and also a link to all three of my drawings. The latter is a secret link which you can locate by tracing the movement of the arrow gif on the home page. When your cursor changes form, click that spot and a popup with the Hooked on a Feeling music video will appear.

### 4/23/20
For my final project, I will put together a personal portfolio website. I've been producing thesis films since sophomore year and have a lot to show for my experience in the Tisch undergraduate film program. As a whole, the site will be sleek and minimalistic. It will have a home "personality" page that introduces me as a freelance line producer and maybe a beginning website designer too. Another page will feature a horizontally-scrollable gallery of film stills with buttons that expand (display) project info and that transition smoothly on click and hover. The gallery will be made of narrow(ish) panels. I would like to give it a draggable cursor. I would also like to allow the gallery to slide horizontally as the viewer vertically scrolls. Another page will feature miscellaneous design/technology projects that I have made between my Web Development minor, independent film pitchdecks, and internship work. These samples will serve to show my creative side, and the page will reflect that. I imagine it will look more like a brutalist collage than a sleek gallery. To connect the pages aesthetically, I plan to create an SVG line grid that will background the home/"personality" page, and then I will isolate a few of the lines to extend onto pages 2 (sleek film gallery) and 3 (misc design/tech collage). As the viewer navigates between pages, the content of page 1 and 2 (each spanning 100vw x 100vh) will slide as if it's connected onto the grid behind it.
